It's that same dream...
I always have it.
... and I always forget it.
Denji
Pochita!
Hiding out in there, little buddy?
You can at least let
me pet you in my dreams.
Stop.
Don't open that door.
No matter what.
You're too loud.
Seize your bile  breathing
Sorry
was having a nightmare that felt so...
Must still be dreaming.
Worm, touch me and die!
What was that?
This power!
I am invigorated!
Nope.
Not a dream.
interesting horns
Power...
looks like you drank too much blood
I assume it was when you
were fighting those zombies
we're going to have to drain you
Right!
Say what?
Every once in a while, Power needs to
have her blood drained.
Otherwise, her ego grows frightening.
She's far more selfish than usual.
So do you mind, Denji?
Can I borrow Power for a bit?
You can have her as long as you want.
In the meantime, you'll
need a substitute partner.
Luckily, there's someone
keen to team up with you.
What a glorious honor!
Can't I get a normal partner, like ever?
That's the shark fiend.
Typically, he's so ferocious it's
impossible to talk to him.
He said he'll be a good
boy and obey you, though.
How does that make any sense?
Why me?
I have no idea.
You do share a passing resemblance.
you knew I'll serve you good!
No matter what you ask!
You're the best!
The greatest!
A righteous badass!
I'm not really into dudes, alright?
Mm-hmm.
Hmm?
You don't seem thrilled about this.
I've never been more excited.
If that's really the case,
then we should go on a date.
We do both have tomorrow off.
A date?
Hell yeah!
Denji?
I didn't expect to see you here yet.
You're an hour early.
So cute!
I hope you haven't been
waiting around very long.
Just since 5am.
I couldn't sleep.
So, uh, what are you
thinking we should get into today?
You know, uh, I've technically never hung
out with a girl before.
My plans for the day will
keep us busy through midnight.
You and I are going
to do a movie marathon.
What?
Damn.
This isn't how I was
hoping things would play out.
You will not prevail!
Everyone's laughing.
But it's not even funny.
Miss Malkima's not laughing either.
Damn, she's cute.
Was I supposed to be
bored out of my skull?
Probably not, but I'm with you.
Looked like they spent a
lot of money making it, too.
Oh, well.
Let's head to the next film.
Hmm?
Everyone's crying.
But she's not.
Cute.
That one sucked, too.
Yeah, and I hated how hard they were
trying to make the audience cry.
At least the music was memorable.
Ah!
I didn't think the story was believable.
That one was mediocre at best.
One more to go.
From what I hear, people find this film
difficult to wrap their heads around.
I hope you don't mind too much.
I don't know.
Everything we've seen
was a crap fest.
maybe I just don't understand movies
Well, I usually only enjoy one out of every ten films I sit through.
Thing is, I believe that a single good movie can change your entire life.
What the? No, no stupid eyes. You can't
cry on a first date. Shit. I hope Miss
Makima doesn't see this.
Man, I won't forget the
last scene as long as I live.
Me neither. That movie alone was worth
every ticket we bought today.
Hmm. So, uh, Miss Makima,
do you think I have a heart?
Why ask me that, don't you know?
I was just wondering.
Yes, you do
I do.
She put her head on me and I thought butterflies had burst out.
That means I gotta have a heart.
Hi. We're collecting donations for children who've been impacted by devil attacks. Anything helps!
As a guy with a heart, you bet I'm helping.
Your support means the world.
And to show you our gratitude, we want you to have this flower.
Nice
I can appreciate a good flower.
More proof my chest ain't hollow.
Ms. Makima is incredible.
I feel like a brand new man,
after talking to her
She said she'll grant me a wish once I've gathered a bunch of pieces of the gun devil.
When that happens, I'm gonna ask her to be my girlfriend.
Yeah, she's in my head every second I'm not saw deep in a devil.
I may have squeezed another girl's boobs and I got to make out once.
But my heart is the property of Ms. Makima.
There's no way I'm ever gonna fall for another woman.
Water! Water! Yeah!
Beam. You're supposed to stay hidden, dude.
If you cause a scene, we're going to have to start sneaking around.
Right
Why do you fiends always got to have such dumbass names anyway?
Should have brought an umbrella with me.
Hiya, tight fit. It's really coming down
out there. I'm soaked.
This wasn't in the forecast.
Huh?
Are you good?
Oops.
Sorry. Ignore me.
I don't see what's so funny.
Crap, are you crying now?
I can't help it. My dog died recently.
And your face, you look just like him.
Hold up, so I look like a
damn mud is what you're saying?
No, it's not like that. I'm sorry.
Oh, jeez, are you okay?
I've got a handkerchief here somewhere.
Ta-da!
What? Is that magic? You're amazing.
Just be your gag reflex.
Thanks for the flower.
Look, the rain stopped.
I work at a cafe called Crossroads. It's
not too far away from here.
If you drop by, I'll
pay you back somehow.
Come see me, okay?
Yes.
About time you got here.
I'm docking your pay for being late.
That is so not cool.
Go on, take this to table four.
If you weren't so cheap, you'd cut your
best server some slack.
You.
That was fast.
You are magic.
It makes no sense you beat me.
It seemed like a good place to dry off.
So, you said you would pay me back.
How about we have a drink together?
Bossman, over here!
A couple of coffees, if you don't mind.
You're the waitress here, not me.
Sheesh, don't be so rude.
Besides, we only ever get customers in the morning.
Fine.
My gift to you.
Enjoy!
You like coffee, don't you?
I'll drink it.
What's that face for?
It can't be that bad, can it?
Yeah, huh.
Coffee tastes like gutter water.
Brewed in the crapper.
You sound like a little kid.
She sure is touching me a lot.
And laughing at my jokes.
Is it possible that...
This girl is into me?
I'm Reze, by the way.
And you?
Flower boy?
I'm Denji.
Oh, Denji.
I've never met anyone
as interesting as you.
It's pretty great.
Holy hell.
She is definitely into me.
What do I do?
When someone likes me, I
can't help but like them back.
Save me, Miss Makima.
Give me strength.
Otherwise, I'm gonna fall for this girl.
You've downed three of
those in a row, you addict.
It's time for us to go patrol.
All this ice cream's got me tired.
I never realized that eating could take
so much energy out of you.
I'm afraid I've lost the
will to work anymore today.
Now that we know where the gun devil is,
there'll be an expedition.
I need more experience defeating powerful
devils if I want to get in on it.
So I have to hunt.
It's the only way for
me to get my numbers up.
You're my partner.
Please, help me out.
Well, if you buy me another cone, I could
take it under consideration.
Get up.
Otherwise, I'll have to
tell leadership you're useless.
As a devil, they'll slaughter you.
Is that what you want?
Dying sounds like way more fun than
working, to be honest.
He's the strongest member of Division 4
after Captain Kishibe.
Or at least he would be if
he weren't always so lazy.
If you want to join the operation to
defeat the gun devil, I suggest you try
to play nice with him.
I don't think I can
work well with a devil.
You say that, but haven't you and Power
been getting on better?
Are you kidding?
We had a fist fight just this morning.
I'm not saying the two of you have to
become best friends.
Only that you can use
him for your own benefit.
You'd be interested to know that he
killed every single person in
the village where he was born.
Or more accurately, he siphoned off their
lifespans and turned them into weapons.
Weapons?
He can transform the life of anyone he
touches into a weapon.
In fact, the sword you
wield is one of his creations.
They can do things like cut
through intangible ghosts.
Each one has some sort of unique ability.
You can always just
pretend to get along with him.
Try to be friendly and I
bet he'll come in handy.
I've eliminated the devil!
Stay inside!
Make sure not to touch
his flesh or its blood!
Yummy.
Looks delicious.
One moment, Eamon.
Get back over here.
This guy must be a civilian devil hunter.
He's missing his bottom half.
Probably eaten recently.
Anyway, he'll die soon.
Kill me.
Please.
Grant him his wish.
If you use your power,
his death will be painless.
What?
No way.
I'm a devil first.
I just happen to look like an angel.
I believe that humans
should suffer when they die.
I can't even pretend
to get along with you.
I guess not.
Miss Makima's the one who found the heart
I wasn't sure I had.
That means it belongs to her.
Absolutely.
But I can't control the rest of my body.
Oh, hey!
Look who's here again!
I came by for lunch.
Kind of strange that you've stopped in
every day this week since
our food's not that good.
It's good.
See?
He likes it.
You've got no taste.
Let me see.
I'll have curry.
A side of ice cream.
Oh!
And fried rice!
How about you scoot on over to my table
instead of eating all by your lonesome?
I'm okay.
Why are you studying?
I thought you were on the clock.
Why do you work
instead of going to school?
I thought 16-year-olds should.
Hmm.
That's way worse than me sneaking some
homework in at my job.
Do you think so?
Well, damn.
You hunt down devils
instead of going to class.
That's a choice.
A weird one.
I think I'll get better light over here.
I'm sorry that's too close.
Actually, I do want to
learn how to read kanji.
You can't already?
Let me teach you something.
First lesson.
Ta-da!
Tell me what this says.
Um, balls.
You perv.
Well done.
A star pupil.
Balls is basically the one word I can
always read, though.
Ha ha ha ha!
You are so funny.
I wish I had had the chance to go to
school with you, Reze.
Bet it would have been a riot.
God damn it.
What am I saying?
You can still go with me at night, you know.
I know.
That's right.
We can explore the building after dark.
Yeah, sure.
My heart belongs to Miss Makima, I swear.
But other parts of me have taken over.
Typhoon.
Yes?
Tell me something.
Why are you devil so obsessed with
getting chainsaws hard?
You don't need to know that.
Just stay focused and hold
up your end of our contract.
Ha ha ha ha!
We're gonna be working
together for a while.
Shouldn't we be a bit
chummier with each other?
You listening typhoon, devil!
Don't forget our agreement.
Once I get my hands on that bloody organ,
you let me use your powers forever.
Be careful with this one.
The human with the chainsaw's heart has
killed many of my kind already.
That's cause you devils ain't
always the brightest bastards.
Killed a devil hunter
from China for a job once.
Merciless, SOB.
At least that was his reputation.
People said he didn't bleed
or shed tears for anything.
Oh, how'd you kill him?
I figured out what he
would bleed and weep for.
I took his wife and
little kid as my prisoners.
And I skinned them both and
showed him what I peeled off.
He begged for me to kill him.
It's kinda creepy, huh, Denji?
It just feels wrong being here so late.
What do you mean?
I'll admit, I'm a little scared.
Can I hold your hand?
You've got to believe me, Miss Makima.
I don't want to be touching this girl.
But my hand's not listening.
Okay, class, who
thinks they know the answer?
I do.
It's two, right?
We've got a genius.
Now, can you tell me what this says?
It's two, right?
Nope, it says big ass, you dummy.
Pervert again?
So this is what school's like.
I think I'm getting the hang of it.
You've seriously never been to school?
Not even when you were a child?
Nope, never.
Isn't that sorta, I don't know,
depressing to admit?
Why's that?
Maybe I should say it's messed up.
You're just 16 years old.
You're still a kid.
Normally someone your age
would be studying for exams,
joining school clubs,
hanging out with friends.
But not you.
You kill devils and
constantly put your life on the line.
And what about public safety?
Is it really a good place?
Sure, I mean, it's
pretty much cool as shit.
Those guys feed me three meals a day.
Plus I get a futon.
That's like the bare minimum
standard of living in Japan.
Not something you should celebrate.
My brain is overheating
from all this thinking.
Well, there's a way we
can cool down, you know.
It's freezing!
I hate to tell you,
but I don't really swim.
Hmm?
You're not getting out of this one.
I'll teach you.
Take off your clothes.
If you don't, they'll
pull you down to the bottom.
How'd I end up in a porno?
What's the matter?
Don't you want to learn how to swim?
My interest is growing.
It'll be weird if I'm the only one naked.
I won't see anything.
It's too dark out.
Abort!
Think with the brain in your head.
If you take off your clothes now, you'll
be betraying Miss Nakima.
Damn it.
What are you waiting for?
Get in, Denji.
No, I can't.
Help!
If I jump in, my heart will too.
Chicken, I get it.
You're scared because you can't swim and
you don't want to embarrass yourself.
You'll love it.
It feels so good.
Hold my hand.
You'll be fine.
Trust me, Genji.
You have a lot to learn.
Stuff you don't know, you don't know.
I'll teach you everything.
You should let me show you.
Oh, hey! Don't forget to breathe!
It's raining.
Yeah.
The rain's not letting up.
Say, Genji, I was wondering, would you
rather be the country
mouse or the city mouse?
Why a mouse?
It's one of Aesop's fables.
The country mouse lives a safe life, but
doesn't get to enjoy good
food like the city mouse does.
The city mouse can get all kinds of
delicious stuff to eat, but he's
constantly in danger of
getting killed by a cat or a human.
Personally, I'd rather
be the country mouse.
But Makima captured me
and brought me to the city.
My heart belongs far from here.
I don't want to follow a city mouse like
you and put myself in danger.
Whatever.
I want to be the city mouse, definitely.
You're joking.
Being the country
mouse is so much better.
A peaceful life is where it's at.
The city's got the best food, though.
And more stuff to do.
You think all that's
important is eating and having fun?
Yeah.
I can help with that.
There's a festival you and I
should go to tomorrow night.
I'm sure it'll be fun
and super delicious.
I can go if it's after work, I guess.
Yay! I'm excited!
You agreed.
It's a date.
I've got to run to the
little girl's room real quick.
So freaking cute.
Denji?
Yeah, sure, you call me
whatever you want, baby.
Oh, don't let me scare you.
I came up here to take a
little leak, same as you.
Why not go to the bathroom together?
It'll be fun.
Pochita, I'm a dumbass and
fell for two different girls.
You feel it too, don't you?
Nah, I'm not talking the angel.
Also, turns out he's a dude.
The short chick's good
looking too, obviously, but...
Don't forget she tried to kill me.
Hey, don't be like that.
Power tries to murder me sometimes, too.
She's come close.
And she's a narcissist, a pathological
liar, and a racist, so, nah.
How come you're running away?
I thought we were gonna
have a party in the bathroom.
What am I gonna do?
When I close my eyes,
there's two sets of boobs.
Who would you pick, Pochita?
Pissing on the roof.
Damn, you're kinky.
I like it.
Who are you?
Stay back!
That's a funny question, since I don't
think you even know
who you are right now.
But I know exactly what I'm looking at.
You're a piece of cheese.
The perfect bait for a dangerous mouse.
Why are you saying such terrible things?
I don't understand.
Think I'll gouge out an
eyeballing part of your face.
Toss him a chainsaw's feet, laugh as he
realizes what he's looking at.
I'll tell him that I might just let his
girlfriend live if he follows orders.
For some reason, whenever I do shit like
that, even the most
stubborn assholes listen.
Then, he's as good as dead.
And you walk away mutilated, but alive.
All I need is your face!
You are the one who trapped us
inside the building with the storm
Typhon
Forgive me
I didn't know you were here
Lady Reze
I suppose I can ignore this slide
In exchange you going to obey me
Start by disposing of this body
Boo!
Perfect, right?
My boss is the one who told me about this spot
It's the best place to see the fireworks
Since it's a secret noone will bother us.
Hey, Denji. I've been thinking about you a lot.
Like I said before: your situation is pretty strange
You are a teenager but they don't let you go to school
Instead, you have to hunt down the devils
The government shouldn't allow that
If you quit your job, we can run away together
I'll be able to give you a happier life, I promise
And I'll protect you
Please
Hold on, where would we even run to?
I know some people. My friend has a place
where these awefull public safety creeps won't find you
We will have to hide out for a while, but one day
we can go to school
You'd put yourself through all that for me? Why?
Isn't that obvious, Denji?
It's because I like you
Why is that such a hard decesion to make?
Wait... Unless, you actually hate me...
I like you. A lot. But things are
going good at work these days
They are pretty much letting me go by,
without ever looking over my shoulder
And I'm learning how to deal with my partner
who has the worst personality.
And I've started to get along with that total dick
who has got seniority over me, too.
Things are finally starting to get fun.
You think, I can still keep my job and get to keep seeing you, too?
Fireworks are about to begin
I see...
It's obvious...
Denji, you like somebody else, don't you?
Oh Does it hurt
You poor thing
I'm going to take your heart now.
Hope you don't mind.
Gotcha!
Bad, bad, bad, runaway
pit trouble bad lady!
Should have noticed before.
You're the worst serpent beam!
She's big dangerous wood chainsaw!
That smell!
I know it!
She's the bomb devil!
Boom.
You're a thief.
Hmm.
Are you with Division 4 too?
I'll let you go if
you leave Denji with me.
Ah!
Well then.
Dammit, was excited about having a night off.
Jeez, who would you tear apart?
Come in. We have a devil near the festival.
The time is currently 20:34
we are engaging the enemy
Uwu... Civilian devil hunters...
Whoa... She talks?!
We might have a strong one here, fellas.
Where'd they run off to?
That's the math!
You're a formidable opponent.
Thank you. I appreciate the practice.
Aki...
Thanks for helping me out
with training tonight. I owe you.
I can't refuse a request from you, Onomo.
That's so. What if I asked you to come
back to Division 2 then?
Everything we hear about your special
squad is a horror show.
I'll tell you what I think, man. Give me
five years and I'll be the sub-captain.
When that happens, I'm going to
officially insist you join us.
I'm looking forward to it.
What gifts? You didn't tell him you'll be
dead before he's promoted.
Where did you hear that?
Power told me.
Damn, loudmouth devil.
You, keep your mouth shut.
You're such a lucky mortal. Wish the one
dying soon was me instead.
As long as I'm alive, I have to work. If
I was dead, at least I could relax.
Oh, that's right. You have a new contract
with the future devil, don't you?
Do your partner a favor.
Ask it when I'm gonna die.
I'm not doing that.
Aki! Downstairs, now!
He showed up ranting that
he's from the special division.
Is this fiend on our side? For real?
Yes, he is. What happened to
Denji? Did a devil do this?
Bomb is coming. Bomb! She works for the
gun devil! So strong!
How do you know that she's
in league with the gun devil?
No, no. Can't say.
Answer me. I could kill you right here
and no one would blink an eye.
If I say I'm extra dead, I
made a promise to Lady Makima.
Makima?
There she is! Look out! Bomb is here!
Evening, miss. Afraid
you're gonna have to turn around.
This training facility is for Devil
Extermination Division 2 only.
Public's not allowed inside.
Excuse me, sir, but I'm in trouble!
Reze...
Reze?
I need a big strong man to help! An awful
devil's trying to kill me!
You're sure smiling a lot for
somebody who's under attack.
No more, it's a trick.
Yeah, I know. Aki, why don't you take
your friend and head out the back door?
Right.
Call HQ and the vice-captain. We need all
Division 2 members here.
On it!
But this girl... You ever remember seeing
a cutie like her before?
Unbelievable. Skirt chasing? Come on.
No. I'm serious here.
There's no way. It couldn't be her.
Okay, I'm out. We'll be counting on you.
Now you owe me!
Kato! Tanabe!
I'm buying dinner for
whoever kills this girl.
Don't mistake her for
human. Assume she's a devil.
Shoot, my damsel in
distress act didn't work.
What a shame.
Now I've got no choice.
I'm going to have to kill everyone.
What?
We've grown mold in
her heart and intestines.
It's working.
She's throwing up blood.
She might regenerate, but
that won't get rid of the mold.
We just have to wait until she's dead.
Her head!
How about putting some
of that mold in her brain?
We can only do it if the target's alive.
Boom
Holy shit! It's a devil!
Stay on her!
Don't let her get near Aki!
Nomu, behind you!
Kod!
She's at the top of the stairs!
Take her down!
Masakiyondo!
Requesting permission to fire!
Granted!
Does every gunshot in
Japan have to be authorized?
Kod!
Aren't you a stubborn one?
What can I say?
I guess I'm a sucker
for a hot piece of ass!
Excuse me, just squeezing by.
Vice Captain!
That was a close call.
Almost lost your head in  there.
What is this foul taste?
It's repugnant.
I'm leaving.
I was supposed to go to
a singles mixer tonight.
Take me next time.
I'm a great wingman.
I'll handle the driving.
You get him to drink some of your blood.
Really?
Suppose I don't have a choice.
What's wrong?
Start the engine.
Come on.
You just had to show me that future.
Huh?
She's a nightmare.
I only murdered them to
demonstrate how powerful I am.
I'd rather not have to kill anybody else.
Kick Denji out of the car and drive away.
The gasoline in that car is going to
cremate Denji's body.
This is starting to get annoying.
I asked the Special
Edition to send backup.
We're saved.
No way!
That was everything I've got!
You're good!
Not a terrible move.
Shall we fight?
Hey!
Company!
We got a change of plans!
This one's a lot more powerful than us!
Time for a strategic retreat!
Run away!
I'll show myself out.
Get her off
I'm sorry! Please, don't kill me.
I'll quit my job, I swear!
It's her!
Hey, good news. It looks like Chainsaw
finally decided to wake up.
Bomb girl is right behind us.
Damn it. No! Shit! The radio
transmitter's broken!
The hell is going on?
If it comes down to it, I'll crash the
core into that bitch!
Whatever happens, we
can't let her have Denji!
What now?
He's cutting through the roof!
What?!
Stop it, Denji! You
haven't had enough blood yet!
You hurt me so bad, I
thought I was gonna croak.
My brain's all mixed up.
But I'm starting to see clearly, and what
I'm seeing is bullshit!
I realized something just now!
Every single time I meet a girl, she ends
up trying to murder me!
Everybody's after my chainsaw heart!
What about my heart?!
Denji's heart?!
Does nobody want that?!
I really do have feelings for you, Denji.
That wasn't me pretending before.
For real?
Don't be so gullible,
dumbass! She's trying to kill you!
Bomb bitch wants to pull a fast one on
me, and I almost fell for it!
I don't know why you're trying to kill
me, and I don't care!
I got more important things
to worry about in my life!
Like staying alive for Miss Makima!
Makima?
Denji, I didn't know that
witch put a collar on you.
And there was no point in us
trying to run away together!
I wish I'd never kissed you!
I don't want anyone
else dying because of me!
It's starting to bum me out!
Reze! I'm taking you in!
Come closer, Denji. I'm going to show you
the many ways we can
fight up close and personal.
Oh, you better teach me everything!
You need to try harder
and start applying yourself!
Don't just swing your chainsaws around
and hope for the best!
It's like you don't
understand your own potential!
Huh?
Boom!
Regeneration?
Clever boy.
You wrapped your engines back there.
Bah!
Bah! Bah! Bah!
Ah!
You monster
I'm able to see the future, but only a
few seconds in advance.
Can I react in time?
If I'm a split second too slow, I'm dead.
No wrong moves.
No... wrong....
I got you.
Hey there.
Sorry I'm late.
This is the first time I've ever wanted
to be friends with the devil.
And down you go.
Whoa, whoa, let's take a time out.
I'm practically naked
here, not to mention anemic.
And now it's two on
one, which is not fair.
She has a point.
Should we give her a break?
Screw that.
You heard him.
Sorry.
Then let's play.
Lady Reze, Typhoon is here!
Now that's not fair!
Don't be scared.
You're going to go to heaven.
I need your blood, though.
I'm sorry.
Any normal devil would be deader than dead
Impressive Lord Chainsaw. Yes! Amazing!
Your girlfriend is killing too many people
If we let her run free, plenty more will
die. Chainsaw, you have to choose.
You can either let her kill you and
minimize casualties, or kill her instead.
Come on, dude. Feels like a pretty simple
choice. It ain't gonna be
easy, though. She's tough.
Shark, you're more familiar with the
Chainsaw Devil than I am. If you don't
want to die today, you need to tell us
everything you know.
Lord Chainsaw is so fast! What? Not
because of his legs. Running is for
mortals! He uses a change
from his saw to zip around.
Throwing him, bam, bam, bam, and hooking
him on buildings so he
can swing through the skies!
Oh, hell yeah! Samurai dude had that
bullshit sword draw to get around. And
Reze uses her explosions to fly. I need
to take advantage of my powers, too!
Ha ha! Lord Chainsaw the genius, the
smartest devil ever!
From now on, I'm putting my chains to
good use! Let's do this!
He's the smartest, the
fastest, and the bad-assest!
Time to fly! Beam! Shock mode!
Right!
Yee-haw, motherfuckers!
I basically rigged up some reins for
Beam! He's gonna charge into battle as my
bloodthirsty war horse!
That's not what I meant!
You sure about this? You might be
confused. It sounded like you could shoot
chains from your arms and,
you know, hook on abilities...
Say what? This is how it's
supposed to go! Right, Beam!
That's right, Lord Chainsaw! You're
right, my, my, my, my...
Shee! Get it up, horsey!
Here we go!
Lord Chainsaw!
You're killing me!
Denji!
There you are!
Chainsaw!
I'm going to make you wish you'd stay
dead, Denji! This will hurt!
Beam! Don't you make me
regret buddying up with you!
My lord!
The force!
It's a kaiju battle!
Yeah, pretty sure we're
gonna have to sit this one out!
Grr!
What's wrong? I though you were trying to hit me!
You're like a coakroach
Too many explosions!
I hate this
Chainsaw!
Damn, what a waste!
I can't believe I went and
cut off such a hot ass leg!
Lady Reze, here, take my blood!
Oh, sweet!
Wait, no, that's not good!
You moron, this is getting absurd!
Grab onto something!
I can't!
There's nothing!
Just let go.
I said let go!
I'll be alright!
So what if I die?
Just means my time's up!
I'm telling you!
It's okay, I've been
ready to die for a long time!
Why did you touch my hand? Do you wanna die?!
Hell, no, I don't want to die!
Tell me, how much time did I lose?
About two months.
If you want to die, then go ahead.
Just do it somewhere far away.
I'm sick inside of people dying on me.
Right before my eyes.
Pochita, we're sweating into trouble!
Watch out for the...
You kept up with me...
...for a while.
Let's end this.
Woo! Almost got exploded!
Hell of a scene!
I promised you wouldn't
regret this, didn't I?!
Damn it, this is bad!
He'll destroy the whole freaking city!
New goal!
We put that fat ass baby
out of its misery first!
MISERY!
I found you!
Die Chainsaw!
You're making it too easy on me!
All I gotta do is
swing my chainsaws around!
This city will run red
with chunks of devil baby!
BEAAAAAAM!
I'm coming Lord CHAINSAAAAW!
Get away from me!
Open wide!
Devil down, Beam! Now where's Reze?
Lord Chainsaw!
Thanks for the safe beam.
Again.
Ouchie!
Seriously, Denji, isn't
it about time you gave up?
Nah.
Do me a solid and drop dead
You're being a huge pain in the ass.
Whose fault is that?
Wouldn't it have been easier for you to
have killed me when we first met?
There's nowhere for you to run.
You sure about that?
Maybe you shouldn't
have taught me how to swim.
Huh? That's your escape plan?
Chains?
Ah!
So smartass!
You think you can still
explode when you're wet?
I don't believe it
Why did you revive me? Are you crazy?
I was sitting here thinking about
what a great life I've got
Yeah. sure! I get shit kicked out of me.
And maybe I die more than I'd like to.
But as long as I eat good food the next day,
I can forgive and forget
That said... If I arrest you and hand you over to public safety
I'd feel like I had a fishbone stuck in the back of my throat or something
Even if I was living a high life every day
That sucked big ass balls to have that constantly stabbing at me
You think you'd still said that if I tried to kill you right now?
Getting done by a hot girl seems like a pretty cool way to go out
You idiot
After all this you actually think I am hiding real feelings for you?
Every time I touched you or smiled at you, it was a lie, part of my performance.
I even trained myself to blush
Despite that I still failed
I let too much time to slep by until I made my move
I'm running away now. C'ya
Wanna run away together?
I can watch your back
You will have better chances escaping
I've killed many many people in my lifetime
If you would've let me get away with my crimes
you'd be complicit in every last one of these murders
Do you understand?
Look, I should not still like you, but I do
I guess that's one of the downsides of having a heart
You can tell yourself what we had was a lie,
but something was real, like that swimming lesson
You poor naive boy. You never learn.
Reze! Wait! Don't go!
I'll wait for you at the cafe!
I'll be there for lunch, okay?
You better come!
Wake up, Beam!
My arms aren't working!
You gotta rev my engine!
There is a story mothers in Soviet Union tell their children when they want to scare them
something to keep them in line
it's about a secret room found in old ammunition storehaus
one that's full of orphan children
the living there are locked away,
never seeing a sliver of sunlight
Their bodies are used for military experiments
The life tortured out of them
Every one thought it was a fairy tale
Until a newspaper reported that
the secret room did in fact exist
Am american journalist uncovered the grizzly details
They published photos of the children found there
but the story faded eventually
The girl, who lured Denji in,
was one of the kids from that room
A weapon created to serve the Soviets
There is a name for people like that
Guinea pigs
The Yama Biko train bound for Sendai will
soon depart from Platform 12.
The next stop will be Ueno.
The train is now departing.
This is the Yama Biko
train bound for Sendai.
All passengers should be on board.
Please stand clear of the closing doors.
I agree with you.
I'm quite fond of the
country mouse, too.
A friend of mine has a place
way out in the countryside.
Every fall I visit and help out on the
farm however I'm able to.
The fields are full of pests.
So many mice burrow into
the soil, damaging crops.
You have to exterminate all of them
before the ground gets covered in snow.
So we dig up the earth and send the dogs
in to kill the rodents
hiding beneath the surface.
I'm not sure why.
But when I watch that I feel...
A sort of strange comfort.
That's why I like the country mouse.
Denji, I wonder why I didn't
kill you the first time we met.
You know, to be honest, I never had the
chance to go to school either.
I believe I told you to come with
Hayakawa, no? You didn't want to make him
kill a girl. You're too kind.
Well, I am an angel.
Hey, is the city a good place?
love you Dasha